It seems like for both artists, the physical boundary between we humans and the reality inside the screen has somehow diminished. In addition to that, the spatiality of people in real life is constituted differently as in real life. With both artist’s invitation for innovation and invention building on top of their projects, the physical distance of people and also the temporal differences seem to be diminished. Anyone from anywhere can contribute to the artwork at any time. And this is what, for me, makes net art so powerful and inspiring. All the differences of people in real life vanish, and the contribution and viewing experiences concentrates on this tiny yet enormous “theater of visibility”, as mentioned by Driscoll (406). When I searched the project RMB city on YouTube, I had a really immersive experience of actually being in this artificial world, wandering and glimpsing. At that moment I also thought about “how will it be if it can be played with VR goggles?” But then I realized that if the boundary between real world and virtual world is blurred out, people may find it hard to distinguish what’s actually true. As Driscoll mentioned in the article, we have begun not only to live, but to perform ourselves in the network’s theater of visibility. It seems like we tend to immersive ourselves into the virtual space more than the real world, which is so frightening since we may begin to perceive the world in a way that might be not real. Accounted for what’s mentioned by Cao Fei and the encounter with a fake persona, if lots of people on the virtual space are actually acting and deceiving one another, how can we distinguish the fake from the true? The transcendence of spatiality thus become troublesome.
