In my opinion, just as what is suggested in the article, the world online and the real world we are living are actually *two dimensions of reality* that correlates to each other. With the prevalence of social media these days, increasing attention is put on the interaction online. I would say, that the interaction online, are mostly the interaction between virtual bodies that *are greatly influenced by and also itself influence* the biological bodies.

The example of Julie the psychiatrist deceiving intrigues me a lot and provides me with some food for thought. The interaction between virtual bodies has meaning only when there’s cognition and perception behind the virtual bodies. Before knowing the true identities of both players, it’s merely conversation between two entities. Nonetheless, when the information of both are adding, suddenly it becomes sort of sexual harassment. The interaction now has meaning and has impact on the biological body to some extent. This instance also reminds me of a prevailing practice on some dating apps, when men pretend to be women and vice versa. When a man caught pretending to be a woman and talking to people of the same gender, people would say it’s sexual harassment. But in reverse situation, people would say they are protecting themselves from men. It seems that the interaction between the virtual bodies are greatly influenced by the power relation (or hierarchy I would say) between biological bodies.

Virtual bodies have great impact on biological bodies as well. Recently, there are a number of celebrities committed suicide, resulting from chronic depression which is greatly cause by comments on the internet. In this case, the biological bodies of the commenters may not even come into play. But the trauma brought to those people, to those particular biological bodies are just so real. It is these virtual bodies that are killing people. The biological bodies on the other side of the screen may not even realize that they are committing a crime at those particular moments. It’s why this kind of news always make us so sad. We just cannot find a/ some biological bodies to attribute the tragedy to.
