I picked *Samsung* as the artwork for discussion before knowing the context and just watched it right away. Through watching the work, I could get the context all of a sudden. In my opinion, the artwork indeed manifests the context of that time, which is the contradictions of emotions, that of both hatred and love, towards one of the biggest Korean chaebols Samsung. I would suggest the first part of the work—the kind of desperation and frustration of the unknown narrator, are caused by the endless exhausted life after the IMF crisis and the burden given by the national debt. At that time, Samsung stood strong without being hurt, and this is where the hatred came from. Then the second half of the work, in which the narrator worships and praise the corporate as if it is some sort of deity, brings up this sort of satirical contradictive love. The contradiction is manifested in the work itself as well. The artwork is presented with the corporate software Adobe Flash, and also resembles, just as the reading suggested, the start of a corporate video. It seems that the artists were displaying hatred towards corporate under the support of corporative power. It is even more ironic when their works were once hosted in the Samsung Museum of Art. From the work itself to the support of the work, the manifestation of the context is clear: *we reject them, but we have to also rely on them*. Just as two artists said, they successfully make works “that contain a relatively strong political and social intent, but clothed, [they] hope, in an ironic ambiguity” (Connor 34). And I think this is what makes the artwork really powerful, that they try to disobey the context under the rules of context, they “worked within the rules of corporate-controlled systems in way that heightened their limits and contradictions” (Connor 35). 
