As said in the article “In the Name of Love”, each and every single of our relationships nowadays exist on two levels: the experience itself, and the digital traces of the experiences. Every interaction between us and others are well recorded in some corner of the earth, in one of those giant databases. The relationships nowadays don’t end with an official goodbye, even if that’s brought onto the table. What makes ending relationships hard is that, algorithm knows nothing about the emotions and experiences, but only the numbers, and the frequency of interactions. They push notifications for the sake of intriguing people. For instance, Instagram pushes notifications like “your friends: XXX recently added a story” when you haven’t launched the app for a while. In this case, you are forced to be aware of how others are doing even if you tell yourself not to do so for any reasons. Sometimes people simply can’t let go because they are constantly intrigued by the applications. It’s like those social media apps are taking advantages of people’s relationships. As said in the article, “groups are the commodity being sold”.
The situation is even worse for those grew up with phones, the “digital natives”, as mentioned by McHugh. Unlike previous generations, the internet is greatly intertwined with the real world. That is to say, the distance of being harmed is decreased to merely zero. While on the other hand, due to the anonymity of internet, the chance of being deceived is higher than ever. It’s true that internet enable us to make new bonds more easily. Nonetheless, it’s also true that it makes us more vulnerable to get hurt, with the pain dwelling way longer than in the tangible world.
