Before reading these two articles, I have never thought about the difference between webpages ten years ago and those two decades ago. It seems that the web just keeps progressing and shifting away from the initial vernacular web, especially when it comes to one’s home page. There is no more starry nights background, no personalized cursors or buttons that you can simply recognized them as items prevailing decades ago. With the advent and prevalence of social media platforms these days, there is increasing population engaging in online activities: blogging, vlogging, being an influencer on Instagram and YouTube. It seems that everyone can express themselves freely. Nonetheless, it’s all under the rules set by platforms. Just as mentioned in the latter article, as Tim Berners-Lee remarked, “*it is more like the gnome in somebody’s front yard than the home itself*”. Take, Instagram for example, everyone’s account looks similar— profile photo on the top-left, then description, then some highlight stories, then some of your posts. The only difference it the content itself. Other than that, they are all formalized. I think the same also applied to the users’ mentalities. It’s like on every account, it’s positive contents that are dominating. Continuing from what was discussed last week, it seems that those accounts are for those virtual bodies. While taking a glance at home pages decades ago, it seems that those are the actual webpages for the actual biological bodies. The web nowadays is indeed more polished, but at the same time more alienated and indifferent.
